s390x: call zipl using exact kernel, ramdisk and cmdline (#1422)
coreos/coreos-installer: docs/release-notes.md

Internal changes:

> - zipl: specify exact kernel, ramdisk and cmdline instead of copying & modifying of bls config

Reviewer: No yes. We do need a release notes entry.

My question is whether or not we should include a link in the release notes entry to https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/1667

(sorry the link I pasted in https://github.com/coreos/coreos-installer/pull/1422#discussion_r1494677156 was wrong. I should have linked https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/1667)

> - zipl: specify exact kernel, ramdisk and cmdline instead of copying & modifying of bls config

Author: I don't think so. Commit message contains the link, but let's wait what @jlebon says about that

> - zipl: specify exact kernel, ramdisk and cmdline instead of copying & modifying of bls config

Reviewer: ehh. doesn't need to wait. we can just ship it if everyone else is happy with it

> - zipl: specify exact kernel, ramdisk and cmdline instead of copying & modifying of bls config

Reviewer 2: Minor:

```suggestion
- zipl: Directly pass kernel, initrd and kargs instead of BLS entry
```
